Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
FUCHU. KANAGAWA
PAWN SHOP
HOKOKU NEWSPAPER PARTICIPANTS WANTED
THOSE WHO EXCEL IN MARTIAL ARTS
SHOULD ASSEMBLE ON THE GROUNDS OF
TENRYUJI TEMPLE IN KYOTO AT 0 A.M.
ON MAY 5TH THIS YEAR. AN OPPORTUNITY TO
WIN 100.000 YEN SHALL BE GRANTED.
KYOTO
TENRYUJI TEMPLE
MAP OF TOKAIDO ROAD
MAIN GATE OF TENRYUJI TEMPLE: 2 POINTS
SEKI. ISE PROVINCE: 3 POINTS
CHIRYU. MIKAWA PROVINCE: 5 POINTS
HAMAMATSU. TOTOUMI PROVINCE: 10 POINTS
SHIMADA. SURUGA PROVINCE: 15 POINTS
HAKONE. SAGAMI PROVINCE: 20 POINTS
SHINAGAWA. MUSASHI PROVINCE: 30 POINTS
107 KOUEMON TACHIKAWA. 108 SHUJIRO SAGA
SHINAGAWA. MUSASHI PROVINCE:
30 POINTS NIHONBASHI
128 REMAINING
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm